frogs and toads seem to be born directly
from the black mud frog amulets are
given as gifts to celebrate the Egyptian
New Year symbols of the resurrection of
the land this is the busiest time of the
year for the farmers the formless mud is
transformed into an ordered grid of
fields the Niles gifts are harnessed
now the myth of a Cyrus and his jealous
brother Seth will be played out
[Music]
the sewing of the new crops is a
reminder of a cyrus murdered and buried
in the soil
[Music]
the Niles water irrigates the silt rich
land it has created and over the next
few months these perfect growing
conditions fulfill the rivers promise to
restore life
as the crops grow Bucyrus rises again
from the dead
[Music]
when the Nile keeps its promise the
desert is transformed and Egypt becomes
a paradise once more
[Music]
the forces of order and chaos are
perfectly in balance